oh it's just me making youthful peasant
Luis have them a lovely happy day in the
kingdom oh oh
you there isn't yes you you've been
drafted into the king's army fight
against evil prisons and all this in
conquerors blade streaming this Thursday
5:00 to late on twitch.tv /cast oh hell
else it's gonna be there yes on us we'll
be there
Duncan been special guests yes but all
will commence and you will be on the
front lines my boy go now and get ready
what are you waiting for
off you go conquerors blade comings to
twitch.tv /oz cast please enjoy this
traveling terrorist town hello everybody
and welcome back so troubling terrorists
oh hello I am Pam well today we're in
the office doo doo dee doo doo dee doo
dee pick your character and Creed yeah
I've done a hilarious prank I've dropped
his mug on the floor Oh classic Jim
Dwight
I'm Michael we like we know exactly
where everything is action figure Dwight
is such a nerd he was just a big bang
theory buddy what she's gaming videos on
YouTube that was I heard a ping as well
yeah I've made the very wave decision
mm-hmm
I'm headin and know I'm dying in the
back fence their job have been oh my god
what is happening
do we have a shitload of weird sound
effects in this man is a clip hit that
bad room kills you and someone shouts at
you wallet you die yeah it's it's prison
Mike talking about the worse things in
prison the Dementors two men to be the
bad choice and I may die I love you
friends oh my [__] then can you see
Louis stuck in this door here no turn
around loose go through the same door
you were trying to go through see look
no I don't see anything through here you
can see is right there is this a traitor
door no I can't
oh he's there check his body spiff okay
I'll check us body spiff is bad it's as
you kill him Louis its spare not bad
it's not smooth
if Ivan got 10 HP okay I'd like to point
out at the start of the game I opened
the door because I knew someone would go
through it Louis looked at it walked
through it and is now trapped Oh most of
things they immediately built myself
into an office and then realized that I
was trapped in there with no gun I just
had to put down a bomb and just kind of
roll with it Rams walled himself in an
office no one questioned why there was a
interesting seeing the office in like
full 3d you see in the show it's like a
series of sets yeah it's like fixed
angles so this is the parkour coach over
here I have a confession to make
I've never seen the office have you seen
the good er office don't you dare see
the British version yeah I've seen that
one and I immediately turned it over
I remember doing that I just go seeing
the first steps on you got like this is
too much Grinch
I can't be ever giving up I was like oh
I got but you go up we got oh no you
could don't bow shotgun bro we stay away
so you'd be dead so I'm good yeah yeah
Duncan could have killed me with a
double-barrel shotgun it didn't so I
trust them well okay so that works right
that's that's that's definitely how that
works yeah yeah we were on our own I had
it I know Duncan I would have shown if
he would have shot you know I would
assure him we didn't if I'm trying to
not be in range of your double-barrel
well you are Duncan no Duncan a traitor
in the office I think it's I think it's
Wyatt
oh but Dwight could be a detective as
well couldn't wake a bigger detective
yeah like a real bad detective yeah evil
detect one who just runs around cuffing
people demanding connie's yeah assistant
to the detective she be a traitor
traitor she yes oh my door you cowards
how are you gay sailor Boone it's also
riff in the red bat was sucking the
bullets away from me I just I just see
blonde and wait and I'm just like it's
bug good well then we're gonna put up a
wall guys there's one two halves of this
office and they're owned by different
companies now there's two different
companies Dunder Mifflin wonderful in
men the flah flah flah flah there you go
it's over there's a wall you're you stay
in your office will stay in ours anyone
anyone coming across shall be killed
we got the [__] office yep house is okay
Duncan we do have a snack room yeah they
don't
I'd like this have met my application to
the side of the office demander
different yeah I'd like to submit my my
app okay you have to come in for an
interview yeah okay
think of your office over there service
into Michael's office their office hang
on okay oh this is the easiest okay okay
okay oh this way oh no let's go this way
[Music]
is a for v3 become like a 3 V zero it's
really tight isn't it revs rounds what I
don't trust Rhydian what I don't know
it's very quick I don't know I just
don't trust to you today that's today
all of today no well it's a new day in
the office you know it says oh yes of
course yeah you know we played the
bodies out we started yeah that's right
so I keep an eye on rafts what I just
became a good man Raph's Rhydian way
trivia n-- all right it's really any job
within dropped a barnacle he's going in
no Lewis I told you really and I told
you I didn't trust you as probably isn't
a bad guy because Rhydian was trying to
out mr. Baum there's a bomb and the
other side of the office is beeping
don't go that way that's a bad move
Ben is a bad man I'm not a bad man oh
he's not using third always he doesn't
he doesn't see Ben isn't a bad man so no
yeah yeah yes I'm not scared I hear a
bomb though I would stay on the side of
the army here a bomb which side a
wonderful one one didn't under different
mustard if one dies that's the bomb
which just blew up with Amanda Dylan how
could we be so wrong okay I found I
found another way guys
where is the other way he goes all right
Ben do you the only one left bad Lois
the other way
you are you they only Batman yes I'm
afraid so I know where you are
who told you to go to the rights child
telly you're on the wrong side
how many the air vents and then I was
safe we end up on the wrong so I can
hear a beeping I just have to beep in
the catch and I was like okay that must
be the bad sight that's where the Bob
was ah ow do you just have a pH oh my
god there's fire
okay raps I think you need to fortnight
up the doors as Detective it's your duty
never never trust a fart small I saw
four people I was like this is good huh
free shield it's just really funny when
somebody's shot my shorts are broken a
booth is there a turret okay I can hear
a turret yeah oh there's a turret in the
middle oh yeah I got it but no I didn't
I was trapped in ER I was probably miss
Lewis who put it down really it's
trapped in a fortnight wall and I mean
good days Biff far me feels like I'm on
this
of the map of two traitors for you know
how to oh he tried to res the turret and
trying if i move [__] microwave then
had a plan and that's a traitor weapon
token oh man was Detective all we know
he picked it up right yeah he picked it
up because he was like if we move this
OH
there's nowhere to run nowhere to hide
gonna go up these [__] guys doing
alright
[__] but I wish my [__] quick I
wish my chickens made this noise instead
of the screaming that they do your
chickens cluck well so if they have
different clocks so his his crow in the
morning is he doesn't even
cockadoodledoo he saw whines really
loudly if you give them mealworms or
corn or let them out in the grass they
start going like little pigeons and if
you open the door to say good morning or
good night they go so yeah in conclusion
glorious they're really sweet often the
windy morning they like gusts I just
show you nothing you took no damage live
was up dine you got down to 9 what the
[__] been now is he shooting game for
shooting me free kill gun free kill gun
oh lucky it was a lucky one
I killed Ben it's a red matte balm no
bean sorry oh my god stop killing me
innocence you haven't been hit
no it's true what it feels like I'm
being hit and that's what counts
you flip baby spits me
one who threw that I knew old [__] he
didn't okay Frank mr. silk
I killed Duncan exactly through the red
matter bomb which almost was an attempt
on my life turns out he didn't wait a
grass him out Simon let a man she's also
the privacy of his own recording booth
yeah terrorists could just come and kill
me can they are you the traitor if you
detective
are you the detective oh okay riffing
there's an awkward situation oh it's
raps it's Refs
he's over near the other office at the
moment I am watching him he has a
shotgun okay but like you have to be the
other one I'm not surprising but riffing
is now dead here where's my friend eh
where's my traitor friend hmm do you
want to find out rose or if you got this
body in there yeah I'm raising boof as
we speak you can't rest if I'm the
traitor oh my god she's back she's back
no don't use your ghost Oh Missy her
dress I know where you are I let you in
there I have a radar for good measure
oh I also have a grenade launcher so
I'll just enjoy being sat in my little
cage over here guys
you don't okay the care we just sent
here no don't open it don't open it this
is sorry it's okay I'll come up with a
new plan
five could you die with some trouble in
terrorist town thanks everyone for
joining us we'll see you all next time
[Music]